feat: Add documentation on `checkout` (#243)
codesandbox/docs: packages/projects-docs/pages/learn/repositories/getting-started/git-workflow.mdx

# Git workflow

## Terminal

> Working locally you where likely using the terminal to interact with Git. You can still use your terminal, with one exception: `git checkout`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When working locally, you likely use the terminal to interact with Git. On CodeSandbox, Git commands will work as expected with one exception: `git checkout`.

```

> Since each branch on CodeSandbox is its own MicroVM and environment, we will rather navigate you to the respective MicroVM when doing a `git checkout`. Normally this is just another way of navigating to a branch, but if you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each branch runs on its own virtual machine (VM). So instead of checking out a branch within the same VM, when you change a branch on CodeSandbox, we will navigate you to the branch running on its respective VM. 

However, if you choose to change branch from the terminal using `git checkout`, you will need to conform to the following

```

> use `git checkout` related to updating your branch from your target, you will need to conform to the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
